decide whether to save which agent belongs to which player in Game or Board -> Board will just have public information, the Game (meaning class
HeimlichAndCo will save which agent belongs to which player)

How do you encode the fields? each field could be 0-10 and -3 these could be field IDs but this would be kind of hard to model then the field position. Positive would be that
each field has the information about the points received "built into it". With the other approach (each field gets a number from 0-11) so indexing could be done with modulo 12 calculation
it will be easier to calculate the resulting fields after movement, but one would need an extra function to get the points per field. I chose the second option.

use "defensive" approach for board?? throw exceptions or just do it???


Challenges:
- make it impossible for agents to cheat
     + player agents never receive access to the real Board, they only get a copy of it
- String representation of Board
- handle large number of possible actions
     + assume there are 7 agents playing, and one agent rolled a 6
- how to model the die roll?
    + as extra action? -> chosen path
    + by automatic determinization (this would probably make it harder for the agents to submit custom die rolls if they want to
    + I want to allow custom die rolls for mcts
- subclasses for HeimlichAndCoAction or encode them all into one class?
    + dieRoll, AgentMove, SafeMove

- Problem with toString:
    + human player must know which agent he is playing but should not put that info into toString or is that ok??

Card:
    + need way to specify cards
    + starting with Cards, do "Safe" programming, i.e. throw Exceptions on Illegal Arguments etc.
        - for most arguments but not all for now
    + specified more precisely in Cards.md
    + tricky with when scoring round is triggered

CardStack:
    + what to do when copying game?? cannot keep original one because of cheating
    + but should provide stack
    + --> gets card with same stack count but different cards


Do we need a winner?? if an agent not played by anyone wins then the utility value is taken

